Terminologies
--------------
Model - a set of patterns learned from data.
Algorithm - a specific ML process used to train a model.
Training data - the dataset from which the algorithm learns the model.
Test data - a new dataset for reliably evaluating model performance.
Features - Variables (columns) in the dataset used to train the model.
Target variable - A specific variable you're trying to predict.
Observations - Data points (rows) in the dataset.

For example, let's say you have a dataset of 150 primary school students, and you wish to predict their Height based on their Age, Gender, and Weight...

You have 150 observations...
1 target variable (Height)...
3 features (Age, Gender, Weight)...
You might then separate your dataset into two subsets:
Set of 120 used to train several models (training set)
Set of 30 used to pick the best model (test set)


Machine Learning Types
-------------------------
Supervised Learning -Supervised learning includes tasks for "labeled" data (i.e. you have a target variable).

In practice, it's often used as an advanced form of predictive modeling.
Each observation must be labeled with a "correct answer."
Only then can you build a predictive model because you must tell the algorithm what's "correct" while training it (hence, "supervising" it).
Regression is the task for modeling continuous target variables.
Classification is the task for modeling categorical (a.k.a. "class") target variables.

Unsupervised Learning -Unsupervised learning includes tasks for "unlabeled" data (i.e. you do not have a target variable).

In practice, it's often used either as a form of automated data analysis or automated signal extraction.
Unlabeled data has no predetermined "correct answer."
You'll allow the algorithm to directly learn patterns from the data (without "supervision").
Clustering is the most common unsupervised learning task, and it's for finding groups within your data.


Steps involved in solving a problem using machine learning:
-----------------------------------------------------------
Exploratory Analysis -First, "get to know" the data. This step should be quick, efficient, and decisive.

Data Cleaning -Then, clean your data to avoid many common pitfalls. Better data beats fancier algorithms.

Feature Engineering -Next, help your algorithms "focus" on what's important by creating new features.

Algorithm Selection -Choose the best, most appropriate algorithms without wasting your time.

Model Training-Finally, train your models

http://sebastianraschka.com/Articles/2014_about_feature_scaling.html


https://elitedatascience.com/python-machine-learning-tutorial-scikit-learn

Feauture engg
https://elitedatascience.com/feature-engineering-best-practices
overfitting
https://elitedatascience.com/overfitting-in-machine-learning
imbalanced
https://elitedatascience.com/imbalanced-classes
api
